<h2><a href="https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/problems/encode-and-decode-strings/1?page=2&category=Arrays,Strings,Linked%20List&sortBy=latest">Encode and Decode Strings</a></h2><h3>Difficulty Level : Difficulty: Medium</h3><hr><div class="problems_problem_content__Xm_eO"><p><span style="font-size: 14pt;">Given an array of strings <strong>s[],</strong> you are required to create an algorithm in the <strong>encode()</strong> function that can convert the given strings into a <strong>single encoded string</strong>, which can be transmitted over the network and then <strong>decoded</strong> back into the <strong>original</strong> array of strings. The decoding will happen in the <strong>decode() </strong>function.</span><br><br><span style="font-size: 14pt;">You need to implement two functions:</span><br><span style="font-size: 14pt;">1. <strong>encode()</strong>: This takes an array of strings <strong>s[]</strong> and encodes it into a single string.&nbsp;</span><br><span style="font-size: 14pt;">2. <strong>decode()</strong>: This takes the encoded string as input and returns an array of strings containing the original array as given in the encode method.</span><br><br><span style="font-size: 14pt;"><strong>Note:</strong> You are not allowed to use any inbuilt serialize method.&nbsp;&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-size: 14pt;"><strong>Examples:</strong></span></p>
<pre><span style="font-size: 14pt;"><strong>Input: </strong>s =<strong> </strong>["Hello","World"]<strong><br>Output:&nbsp;</strong>["Hello","World"]<strong><br>Explanation: </strong>The encode() function will have the str as input, it will be encoded by one machine. Then another machine will receive the encoded string as the input parameter and then will decode it to its original form.</span></pre>
<pre><span style="font-size: 14pt;"><strong>Input: </strong>s =<strong>&nbsp;</strong>["abc","!@"]<strong><br>Output:&nbsp;</strong>["abc","!@"]<strong><br>Explanation:&nbsp;</strong>The encode() function will have the str as input, here there are two strings, one is "abc" and the other one has some special characters. It will be encoded by one machine. Then another machine will receive the encoded string as the input parameter and then will decode it to its original form.<br></span></pre>
<p><span style="font-size: 14pt;"><strong>Constraints:<br></strong>1&lt;=s.size()&lt;=100<br>1&lt;=s[i].size()&lt;=100<br>s[i] contains any possible characters out of the 256 ASCII characters.</span></p></div><br><p><span style=font-size:18px><strong>Topic Tags : </strong><br><code>Strings</code>&nbsp;<code>Arrays</code>&nbsp;