<h2><a href="https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/problems/implement-set-in-python--141631/1">Implement Set in Python</a></h2><h3>Difficulty Level : Difficulty: Easy</h3><hr><div class="problems_problem_content__Xm_eO"><p><span style="font-size: 18px;">A set is an <strong>unordered collection </strong>of items where every element is unique and must be <strong>immutable</strong>, but set is <strong>mutable</strong>. You cannot access an element of set using indexing or slicing, but you can update the set.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-size: 18px;">Some important functions in Set in Python:<br><strong>add</strong>(): Adds an element to the set.<br><strong>clear</strong>(): Removes all elements from the set<br><strong>discard</strong>(): Removes an element from the set if present.<br><strong>remove</strong>(): Removes an element from the set. If the element is not present, it raises error.<br><strong>pop</strong>(): Removes and returns an arbitary set element. Raise error if the set is empty.<br><strong>union</strong>(): Returns the union of sets in a new set<br><strong>update</strong>(): Updates the set with the union of itself and others<br><strong>len</strong>(): Return the length of set.<br><strong>sorted</strong>(): Return a new sorted list from elements in the set.<br><strong>sum</strong>(): Return the sum of all elements in the set.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-size: 18px;">Let's implement these methods through a question. Given Q queries to do some operation on Set, the task is to perform all the queries in the Set as given below:<br><strong>a. i element</strong>: Adds element to the set.<br><strong>b.</strong> <strong>r element</strong>: Remove element from set.<br><strong>c.</strong> <strong>s</strong>: Find sum of elements in set. Returns the sum of elements in Set.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-size: 18px;"><strong>Constraints:</strong><br>1 &lt;= S[i] &lt;= 10<sup>4</sup></span></p>
<p><span style="font-size: 18px;"><strong>Your Task:</strong><br>The task is to complete the functions given in user text area according to the query.</span></p></div><br><p><span style=font-size:18px><strong>Topic Tags : </strong><br><code>python-set</code>&nbsp;